h1. Stationwagon

* "Stationwagon on FuelPHP Forums":http://fuelphp.com/forums/topics/view/326
* Version: 1.0.3
* Fuel Version: 1.0.0-RC1

h2. Description

Stationwagon is a Fuel-powered blog application. The purpose of this application is to allow FuelPHP beginners to see how things work by providing real and working examples.

h2. Developers

# "Abdelrahman Mahmoud":http://aplusm.me/ - Lead Developer
# "Alfredo Rivera":http://twitter.com/Alfie_Rivera - Developer

h2. Downloading Stationwagon

Since Fuel uses Submodules and since GitHub Downloads don't support submodules, do not download Stationwagon using the Downloads link here and instead use steps below to clone Stationwagon.

h2. Cloning Stationwagon

Since Fuel uses submodules for things like the **core** folder.  After you clone Stationwagon you will need to init and update the submodules.

You can do the following to clone Stationwagon:

	git clone --recursive git://github.com/abdelm/stationwagon.git
	
The above command is the same as running:

	git clone git://github.com/abdelm/stationwagon.git
	cd stationwagon/
	git submodule init
	git submodule update
	
You can also shorten the last two commands to one:

	git submodule update --init

h2. Installation

After cloning Stationwagon using the steps above, you will do a few things to get Stationwagon up and running:

# Import the *database.sql* to your database [1]
# Change the database details in _/fuel/app/config/db.php_
# That's it!

If you want to use mod_rewrite, do the following changes in _/fuel/app/config/config.php_:

	'index_file' => false,
	
h2. Learning

Stationwagon is full of examples and is updated regularly with the latest Fuel changes.

There are a lot of examples on these classes:
# Orm [2]
# Auth 
# Pagination
# Validation
# and more!

So, go ahead and download Stationwagon! If you would like to contribute, just fork the repo and make a pull request!

[1] *Make sure your existing tables match the current database.sql*
[2] Stationwagon now uses the new Orm package instead of the old ActiveRecord package.